the lot fell to the children of Joseph
from the Jordan by Jericho to the waters
of Jericho on the east to the wilderness
that goes up from Jericho through the
mountains to Beth then went out from
Bethel to Las passed along to the border
of the archives at a turneth and went
down westward to the boundary of the jet
fleet heights as far as the boundary of
lower beth horon to diese and it ended
at the sea so the children of Joseph
Manasseh and Ephraim took their
inheritance the border of the children
of Ephraim according to their families
was thus the border of their inheritance
on the east side was a Torah a de as far
as Upper beth horon and the border went
out toward the sea on the north side of
McMath a--the then the border went
around eastward to Tanith Shiloh and
passed by it on the east of Genoa
then it went down from Genoa to Atta
wrath and nira reached to Jericho and
came out of the Jordan the water went
out from tap you are westward to the
brook of Canaan and it ended at the sea
this was the inheritance of the tribe of
the children of Ephraim according to
their families the separate cities for
the children of Ephraim were among the
inheritance of the children of Manasseh
all the cities were their villages and
they did not drive out the Canaanites
who dwelt in Geezer but the Canaanites
dwell among the Ephraim lights to this
day and have become forced labourers
[Music]